---
title: 'IronHacks in the News again!'
date: 2021-04-29
draft: true
---


The 2021 Spring and Summer Data Science Challenge is on!

Prospective IronHackers,

Along with the cycle of seasons, IronHacks releases a new hack for social good. The past year's have been focused on COVID-19 hotspot predictions, due to its current pressing nature on all of society. To add to the saga, IronHacks has released the 2021 Spring and Summer Data Science Challenge.

The Spring/Summer 2021 challenge is focused on predicting whether or not it's safe to dine out by analyzing foot traffic data from hotspots in Tippecanoe and Marion County, Indiana. The challenge itself will run for approximately two months, offering ample time for hackers to participate and draw concise and accurate predictions over the course of the hack.

The hack itself is split up into three phases:

1. Registration and warmup
2. Competition Start
3. Multi-stage, interim submission process

As an IronHacker, you&#39;re invited to participate in each phase to optimize your deliverables and raise your chances for scoring group prizes. In order to optimize your chances, be sure to read over the hack's evaluation criteria. This challenge is contingent on each hacker's participation and collaboration. Within groups, the hackers will be able to as well as the individual and group-oriented hacking process. Keep in mind, it's not just about how accurate your models are, it's also about your daringness to explore.

- Questions? Once you've registered for the hack, drop a note in the forum or get in touch with us [here](mailto:d27b1045.groups.purdue.edu@amer.teams.ms).

- The day you've been waiting for is here – the challenge is officially open: [Register here](https://ironhacks.com/).

What are you waiting for? Ready to hack for social good?

-_IronHacks Team_

_Helping Hack for Social Change_
